Added a tutorial for simulating Ising 1-D chain using mitiq with cirq… (#2002)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/examples/quantum_simulatio_1D_ising.md

To be consistent with their result I write the function for exp(iH*dt) too
'''

def trotter_evolution_H(L: int, h_z: float, h_x: float, Jdt: float) -> cirq.Circuit:
    '''Return the circuit that performs a time step.

    Args:
        L: Length of the Ising chain
        h_z: z interaction strength
        h_x: x interaction strength
        jdt: zz interaction strength time dt
    '''
    # First define L qubits
    qubits = cirq.LineQubit.range(L)
    cq = cirq.Circuit()

    # Apply Rx gates:
    for ii in range(L):
        cq.append(cirq.rx(-2*h_x*Jdt).on(qubits[ii]))

    # Apply Rz gates:
    for ii in range(L):
        cq.append(cirq.rz(-2*h_z*Jdt).on(qubits[ii]))

    # We implement Rzz gate using two CNOT gates

    for ii in range(1, L-1, 2):
        cq.append(cirq.CNOT(qubits[ii], qubits[ii+1]))
        cq.append(cirq.rz(-2*Jdt).on(qubits[ii + 1]))
        cq.append(cirq.CNOT(qubits[ii], qubits[ii+1]))

    for ii in range(0, L-1, 2):
        cq.append(cirq.CNOT(qubits[ii], qubits[ii+1]))
        cq.append(cirq.rz(-2*Jdt).on(qubits[ii + 1]))
        cq.append(cirq.CNOT(qubits[ii], qubits[ii+1]))
    return cq

```

+++ {"id": "PpB5FBVl6_YM"}

> Here, we do not use a real hardware, such as IBM's, to obtain the simulation results. However, Mitiq has a built-in function to simulate the noisy results. Here, we use the depolarizing noise model as it is a good noise model for long-depth circuits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of real hardware, we use a (Mitiq-wrapped) Cirq simulator to obtain the simulation results, and add depolarizing noise.
```
